Updated DINOCPU assignment1 instruction page and worksheet. (#33)
jlpteaching/comparch: modules/DINO CPU/_posts/2000-02-01-assignment1.md

 * For more information, see Section 4.4 and A.5 of Patterson and Hennessy.
 * This is loosely based on figure 4.12
 */

class ALUControl extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle {
    val aluop       = Input(UInt(2.W))
    val arth_type   = Input(UInt(1.W))
    val inst_length = Input(UInt(1.W))
    val funct7      = Input(UInt(7.W))
    val funct3      = Input(UInt(3.W))

    val operation   = Output(UInt(5.W))
  })

  io.operation := "b11111".U // Invalid

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Not a big deal, but there's some extra whitespace.

We have implemented some tests for your ALU control unit.
The general ALU control unit tests are in `src/test/scala/components/ALUControlUnitTest.scala`.

> However, these tests require you to implement the required control for not only the R-type instructions but also for I-Types and loads/stores(it will be in assignment2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these tests require you to implement the required control for not only the R-type instructions but also for I-Types and loads/stores (this will be in [assignment 2]({{'modules/gem5/assignment2' | relative_url}})).
```
There should always be a space before `(`
